# uav-calibration
Matlab scripts for calibrating NIR UAV for water quality management.

Welcome to my camera calibration repo! Note that these workflows aren't necessarily the best way to approach the problem! Hopefully, they will be useful for providing starter code and demoing how to work with the data and make plots.

## Contents
* Root directory 
  * calibrate_cam.m - Outline of script to calibrate NIR camera to reflectance. Still needs actual reflectance values per panel, which requires the camera sensor response function (SRF). Otherwise, I still recommend this workflow.
  * floodFillFromPt.m - Auto-generated by imageSegmenter app on 13-Aug-2019: Selects Adjacent pixels of similar value, and given the location of a seed pixel.
* ASD 
  * EVA_calibration.m - Workflow for determining what IR camera should be seeing for each calibration panel, based on SRF. I recommend using a different approach to finding the SRF based on inverting a simple matrix equation.
* Auto-generated - [Not important] Auto–generated scripts from Matlab From when I played around with flood fill and other interactive tools.
* bin - Helper script for date-time conversion
* Figs - Examples of saved output figures showing panel reflectances for one UAV image. Produced by calibrate_cam.m.
* Photo lists - Directory listings (on my machine) of folders containing relevent UAV turbidity images, and whether or not the camera was in raw mode.

## Directory listing
<pre>
├── ASD
│   └── EVA_calibration.m
├── LICENSE.txt
├── README.md
├── auto-generated
│   ├── DrawFreeAndPolygon.m
│   ├── GraphcutTool1.m
│   ├── floodFillblue.m
│   └── imageSegmentationTool1.m
├── bin
│   └── convert_times_to_matlab.m
├── calibrate_cam.asv
├── calibrate_cam.m
├── figs
│   ├── target_values1.fig
│   └── target_values1.jpg
├── floodFillFromPt.m
├── panels.mat
├── photo_lists
│   ├── jpg-photo-list.txt
│   ├── jpg-turb-photo-list-folders.txt
│   ├── photos_JPG.mat
│   ├── photos_RAW.mat
│   ├── raw-photo-list-times.txt
│   └── raw-photo-list.txt
└── sample_images
    └── 2019_0812_122030_127.tif
<pre>
